---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "loft_space_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-loft"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides details for loft_space_instance Data Source
---

# loft_space_instance (Data Source)

SpaceInstance holds the SpaceInstance information

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    loft = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/loft-sh/loft"
    }
  }
}

provider "loft" {}

# Output an existing space instance not managed by terraform
data "loft_space_instance" "my-space" {
  metadata {
    namespace = "loft-p-default"
    name      = "my-space"
  }
}

output "space" {
  value = data.loft_space_instance.my-space.spec.0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard SpaceInstance's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this resource. The format is `<namespace>/<name>`.
- `spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the SpaceInstance, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the "default" namespace, but "default" is the canonical representation. Not all objects are required to be scoped to a namespace - the value of this field for those objects will be empty.

Must be a DNS_LABEL. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/namespaces

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the SpaceInstance that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `generate_name` (String) Prefix, used by the server, to generate a unique name ONLY IF the `name` field has not been provided. This value will also be combined with a unique suffix. Read more: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#idempotency
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the SpaceInstance. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this SpaceInstance that can be used by clients to determine when SpaceInstance has changed. Read more: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this SpaceInstance. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--access))
- `cluster_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--cluster_ref))
- `description` (String)
- `display_name` (String)
- `extra_access_rules` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--extra_access_rules))
- `owner` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--owner))
- `parameters` (String)
- `template` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template))
- `template_ref` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template_ref))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.access`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `subresources` (List of String)
- `teams` (List of String)
- `users` (List of String)
- `verbs` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--cluster_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_ref`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--extra_access_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.extra_access_rules`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_role` (String)
- `teams` (List of String)
- `users` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.owner`

Read-Only:

- `team` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template--access))
- `apps` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template--apps))
- `charts` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template--charts))
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template--metadata))
- `objects` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.access`

Read-Only:

- `default_cluster_role` (String)
- `rules` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--template--access--rules))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template--access--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.access.rules`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_role` (String)
- `teams` (List of String)
- `users` (List of String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.apps`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `parameters` (String)
- `release_name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template--charts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.charts`

Read-Only:

- `insecure_skip_tls_verify` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `release_name` (String)
- `release_namespace` (String)
- `repo_url` (String)
- `timeout` (String)
- `username` (String)
- `values` (String)
- `version` (String)
- `wait` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--template_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template_ref`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `sync_once` (Boolean)
- `version` (String)


